README.md, before:

# Top10Vacations

Welcome to the Vacations App!

This app give some inspirtation to plan your next trip at the Best Vacations to take by Month; while also giving information on what these places have to offer.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'top_10_vacations'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install top_10_vacations

## Usage

Enter the following to run this app:

 "./bin/vacations" or "ruby bin/vacations"

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Top10Vacations project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

project description update in readme

README.md, after:

# Top10Vacations

Welcome to the Vacations App!

This app give some inspirtation to plan your next trip at the Best Vacations to take by Month; while also giving information on what these places have to offer.

The project outline is to build a CLI app that scrapes a website for information, and then utilizes that scraped information to provide the user with at least one-layer deep of information to interact with.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'top_10_vacations'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install top_10_vacations

## Usage

Enter the following to run this app:

 "./bin/vacations" or "ruby bin/vacations"

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Top10Vacations project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/<samara-amanda>/top_10_vacations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
